Update README.md (#6)
Alzymologist/.github: profile/README.md

![Alzymologist Oy logo dark](https://github.com/Alzymologist/.github/blob/3537dd8be6bbc9cedc460dbbf53e418ea14a11aa/profile/namelogo_dark_theme.svg#gh-dark-mode-only)
![Alzymologist Oy logo light](https://github.com/Alzymologist/.github/blob/3537dd8be6bbc9cedc460dbbf53e418ea14a11aa/profile/namelogo_light_theme.svg#gh-light-mode-only)

> Alzymologist Oy is an interdisciplinary R&D organization capitalizing on overqualified personnel. We have a software development team, hardware workshop and [experimental brewery](https://www.zymologia.fi/info/about/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alzymologist Oy is an interdisciplinary R&D organization capitalizing on overqualified personnel. We have a software development team, hardware workshop and [beer science laboratory](https://www.zymologia.fi/info/about/). 
```
